Miscellaneous improvements in support of Mainnet deployments (#12)
filecoin-project/f3-activation-contract: validation.md

Author: Add to `devnotes.md` since we already have a "validating" section there (although I realize this is a different type of validation).

In Safe UI you will see a proposed message.

> You can use `npx hardhat alidateActivationMessage` to cross-validate it with manifest

Author: ```suggestion
You can use `npx hardhat validateActivationMessage` to cross-validate it with the manifest
```
